then the Lord sent Nathan to David there
then the Lord sent Nathan to David there were two men in one city one rich and
were two men in one city one rich and
were two men in one city one rich and the other poor the rich man had
the other poor the rich man had
the other poor the rich man had exceedingly many flocks and herds but
exceedingly many flocks and herds but
exceedingly many flocks and herds but the poor man had nothing except one
the poor man had nothing except one
the poor man had nothing except one little ewe lamb which he had bought and
little ewe lamb which he had bought and
little ewe lamb which he had bought and nourished and it grew up together with
nourished and it grew up together with
nourished and it grew up together with him and with his children it ate of his
him and with his children it ate of his
him and with his children it ate of his own food and drank from his own cup and
own food and drank from his own cup and
own food and drank from his own cup and lay in his bosom and it was like a
lay in his bosom and it was like a
lay in his bosom and it was like a daughter to him and a traveler came to
daughter to him and a traveler came to
daughter to him and a traveler came to the rich man who refused to take from
the rich man who refused to take from
the rich man who refused to take from his own flock and from his own herd to
his own flock and from his own herd to
his own flock and from his own herd to prepare one for the wayfaring man who
prepare one for the wayfaring man who
prepare one for the wayfaring man who had come to him but he took the poor
had come to him but he took the poor
had come to him but he took the poor man's lamb and prepared it for the man
man's lamb and prepared it for the man
man's lamb and prepared it for the man who had come to him so David's anger was
who had come to him so David's anger was
who had come to him so David's anger was greatly aroused against the man as the
greatly aroused against the man as the
greatly aroused against the man as the Lord lives the man who has done this
Lord lives the man who has done this
Lord lives the man who has done this shall surely die and he shall restore
shall surely die and he shall restore
shall surely die and he shall restore fourfold for the lamb because he did
fourfold for the lamb because he did
fourfold for the lamb because he did this thing and because he had no pity
this thing and because he had no pity
this thing and because he had no pity you are the man thus says the Lord God
you are the man thus says the Lord God
you are the man thus says the Lord God of Israel i anointed you king over
of Israel i anointed you king over
of Israel i anointed you king over Israel and I delivered you from the hand
Israel and I delivered you from the hand
Israel and I delivered you from the hand of Saul I gave you your masters house
of Saul I gave you your masters house
of Saul I gave you your masters house and your masters wives into your keeping
and your masters wives into your keeping
and your masters wives into your keeping and gave you the house of Israel and
and gave you the house of Israel and
and gave you the house of Israel and Judah and if that had been too little I
Judah and if that had been too little I
Judah and if that had been too little I also would have given you much more why
also would have given you much more why
also would have given you much more why have you despised the commandment of the
have you despised the commandment of the
have you despised the commandment of the Lord to do evil in his sight
Lord to do evil in his sight
Lord to do evil in his sight you have killed Uriah the Hittite with
you have killed Uriah the Hittite with
you have killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword you have taken his wife to be
the sword you have taken his wife to be
the sword you have taken his wife to be your wife and have killed him with the
your wife and have killed him with the
your wife and have killed him with the sword of the people of ammon now
sword of the people of ammon now
sword of the people of ammon now therefore the sword shall never depart
therefore the sword shall never depart
therefore the sword shall never depart from your house because you have
from your house because you have
from your house because you have despised me and have taken the wife of
despised me and have taken the wife of
despised me and have taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite
Uriah the Hittite
Uriah the Hittite be your wife thus says the Lord behold I
be your wife thus says the Lord behold I
be your wife thus says the Lord behold I will raise up adversity against you from
will raise up adversity against you from
will raise up adversity against you from your own house and I will take your
your own house and I will take your
your own house and I will take your wives before your eyes and give them to
wives before your eyes and give them to
wives before your eyes and give them to your neighbor and he shall lie with your
your neighbor and he shall lie with your
your neighbor and he shall lie with your wives in the sight of this son for you
wives in the sight of this son for you
wives in the sight of this son for you did it secretly but I will do this thing
did it secretly but I will do this thing
did it secretly but I will do this thing before all Israel before the son I have
before all Israel before the son I have
before all Israel before the son I have sinned against the Lord the Lord also
sinned against the Lord the Lord also
sinned against the Lord the Lord also has put away your sin you shall not die
has put away your sin you shall not die
has put away your sin you shall not die however because by this deed you have
however because by this deed you have
however because by this deed you have given great occasion to the enemies of
given great occasion to the enemies of
given great occasion to the enemies of the Lord to blaspheme the child also who
the Lord to blaspheme the child also who
the Lord to blaspheme the child also who was born to you shall surely die
was born to you shall surely die
was born to you shall surely die the Nathan departed to his house and the
the Nathan departed to his house and the
the Nathan departed to his house and the Lord struck the child that Uriah's wife
Lord struck the child that Uriah's wife
Lord struck the child that Uriah's wife brought to David and it became ill David
brought to David and it became ill David
brought to David and it became ill David therefore pleaded with God for the child
therefore pleaded with God for the child
therefore pleaded with God for the child and David fasted and went in the lay all
and David fasted and went in the lay all
and David fasted and went in the lay all night on the ground so the elders of his
night on the ground so the elders of his
night on the ground so the elders of his house arose and went to him to raise him
house arose and went to him to raise him
house arose and went to him to raise him up from the ground but he would not nor
up from the ground but he would not nor
up from the ground but he would not nor did he eat food with them then on the
did he eat food with them then on the
did he eat food with them then on the seventh day came to pass that the child
seventh day came to pass that the child
seventh day came to pass that the child died
died
died and the servants of David were afraid to
and the servants of David were afraid to
and the servants of David were afraid to tell him that the child was dead indeed
tell him that the child was dead indeed
tell him that the child was dead indeed while the child was alive we spoke to
while the child was alive we spoke to
while the child was alive we spoke to him
him
him and he would not heed our voice how can
and he would not heed our voice how can
and he would not heed our voice how can we tell him that the child is dead he
we tell him that the child is dead he
we tell him that the child is dead he may do some harm when David saw that his
may do some harm when David saw that his
may do some harm when David saw that his servants were whispering David perceived
servants were whispering David perceived
servants were whispering David perceived that the child was dead
that the child was dead
that the child was dead therefore david said to his servants is
therefore david said to his servants is
therefore david said to his servants is the child dead he is dead
the child dead he is dead
the child dead he is dead so David arose from the ground washed
so David arose from the ground washed
so David arose from the ground washed and anointed himself and changed his
and anointed himself and changed his
and anointed himself and changed his clothes and he went into the house of
clothes and he went into the house of
clothes and he went into the house of the lord and worshiped
then he went to his own house and when
then he went to his own house and when he requested they set food before him
he requested they set food before him
he requested they set food before him and he ate then his servants said to him
and he ate then his servants said to him
and he ate then his servants said to him what is this that you have done you
what is this that you have done you
what is this that you have done you fasted and wept for the child while he
fasted and wept for the child while he
fasted and wept for the child while he was alive but when the child died you
was alive but when the child died you
was alive but when the child died you arose and made food while the child was
arose and made food while the child was
arose and made food while the child was alive I fasted and wept for I said who
alive I fasted and wept for I said who
alive I fasted and wept for I said who can tell whether the Lord will be
can tell whether the Lord will be
can tell whether the Lord will be gracious to me that the child may live
gracious to me that the child may live
gracious to me that the child may live but now he is dead why should I fast can
but now he is dead why should I fast can
but now he is dead why should I fast can I bring him back again I shall go to him
I bring him back again I shall go to him
I bring him back again I shall go to him but he shall not return to me
but he shall not return to me
but he shall not return to me then David comforted Bathsheba his wife
then David comforted Bathsheba his wife
then David comforted Bathsheba his wife and went into her and lay with her so
and went into her and lay with her so
and went into her and lay with her so she bore a son and he called his name
she bore a son and he called his name
she bore a son and he called his name Solomon now the Lord loved him and he
Solomon now the Lord loved him and he
Solomon now the Lord loved him and he sent word by the hand of Nathan the
sent word by the hand of Nathan the
sent word by the hand of Nathan the prophet so he called his name Jedediah
prophet so he called his name Jedediah
prophet so he called his name Jedediah because of the Lord
because of the Lord
because of the Lord now Joab fought against rabba of the
now Joab fought against rabba of the
now Joab fought against rabba of the people of Ammon and took the Royal City
people of Ammon and took the Royal City
people of Ammon and took the Royal City and Joab sent messengers to David I have
and Joab sent messengers to David I have
and Joab sent messengers to David I have fought against rabba and I have taken
fought against rabba and I have taken
fought against rabba and I have taken the city's water supply
the city's water supply
the city's water supply now therefore gather the rest of the
now therefore gather the rest of the
now therefore gather the rest of the people together and then camp against
people together and then camp against
people together and then camp against the city and take it lest I take the
the city and take it lest I take the
the city and take it lest I take the city and it be called after my name so
city and it be called after my name so
city and it be called after my name so David gathered all the people together
David gathered all the people together
David gathered all the people together and went to rather fought against it and
and went to rather fought against it and
and went to rather fought against it and took it when he took their kings crown
took it when he took their kings crown
took it when he took their kings crown from his head its weight was a talent of
from his head its weight was a talent of
from his head its weight was a talent of gold with precious stones and it was
gold with precious stones and it was
gold with precious stones and it was sent on David's head also he brought out
sent on David's head also he brought out
sent on David's head also he brought out the spoil of the city in great abundance
the spoil of the city in great abundance
the spoil of the city in great abundance and he brought out the people who are in
and he brought out the people who are in
and he brought out the people who are in it and put them to work with swords and
it and put them to work with swords and
it and put them to work with swords and iron picks and iron axes and made them
iron picks and iron axes and made them
iron picks and iron axes and made them cross over to the brickworks so he did
cross over to the brickworks so he did
cross over to the brickworks so he did to all the cities of the people of ammon
to all the cities of the people of ammon
to all the cities of the people of ammon then David and all the people returned
then David and all the people returned
then David and all the people returned to Jerusalem
to Jerusalem
to Jerusalem [Music]